- When performing the research
with my first invention, OsteoStrong,
we could see that humans
were seven times more powerful
in impact ready positions
than they were in the weaker positions.
This was data that only I had.
And when looking at it,
I realized weightlifting
is a lousy stimulus for muscle growth.
We needed something better.
We needed something that
had the weight change
as we move through
different ranges of motion
to create greater fatigue of the muscle.
Let me show you what I'm talking about.
As you can see,
lighter forces are used
at the bottom of the deadlift movement.
This is where people injure,
so it is beneficial to
have a lower weight here.
As we move through the range of motion,
the weight climbs all the
way up past 600 pounds.
So this gives us the benefit
of incredible loading.
Loading that would be higher
than what you would see
in a standard fitness environment.
All so that multiple
repetitions can be done
and we trigger more growth.
When building strength and muscle,
there is no getting away from heavy.
X3 allows you to safely place
far heavier loads on the body,
which then stimulates hormonal responses
that are greater than weight training
to induce more growth.
You end up with a full body workout
that you can do at home
that will be even better
than what you get at the gym.
To learn more, please visit X3bar.com.